1.general

mfbroka.com includes its sister-company MoneyFounder Advisory (mfadtech.com) under its website .so mfbroka.com ("the Company" or "mfbroka.com" or "we") 
is the owner of this application. .It’sTM© is committed to protecting your privacy and we understand you want to keep your information private, safe and 
discrete. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you decide whether to use the Service and in what manner, and it describes how we collect, store and 
use information on individuals who use the Service.

2.information that we collect


Users can download this app as free and use our free service without identifying themselves or volunteering personal information. 
But to otherwise utilize the Services and associated features, a user must first register with our application. When a user registers, we may request certain 
personal information, including, but not limited to, contact information, such as the users name , full name ,  mobile number, e-mail address, 
location information like addressline and country-state-city , and demographic information such as age and gender.
 Please use your discretion when providing sensitive information 
 to our app, and under any circumstances.

By registering and/or submitting personal information to this application , you consent to moneyfounder use of this information for its 
legitimate business purposes and consent to the transfer and storage of such information to and 
in moneyfounder's databases in accordance with this Privacy Statement. Your personal information is not used for other purposes, 
unless we obtain your permission, or unless otherwise required or permitted by law or professional standards.

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
https://policies.google.com/privacy

3. Purposes of Data Collection and security

application use user data to identify user and provide better exoeriance with services. we collect device information also for 
provide decent look of the application . for quick service in chat we are using websocket connection with our server.
but total connection with our server is secure and protected with token system. 
we uses technical, organizational, and administrative security measures to protect information we hold in our records from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access.
  Unfortunately, no company can guarantee full security. Users must prevent unauthorized access to their account by selecting and protecting their password
  and limiting access to their computer or device and browser.


This all information provides us with aggregate data that application may use to improve the Services only.

We may also use the information you send to us to communicate with you via email, and possibly other means, regarding products, services, 
offers, promotions, or events we think may be of interest to you or to send you our newsletter, if this is in accordance with your marketing 
preferences.  You will always be able to opt-out of such communications at any time.

Some features of the Services may be offered in conjunction with an unaffiliated third party, such as another entity or brokerage offering the Services 
and contracting with us as a vendor to provide the Services to users. In order to provide the Services, it may be necessary for either users 
or app to share personal information of users with unaffiliated third parties. If a user does not want his or her information to be shared,
 the user can choose not to allow the transfer by not using the Services.
 
 
 
4. we are not using cookies and advertise in this application.

5. User Options — Opt-Out

Users of the Services should contact us at the address below with any questions about the information that we collect from users.
 Users may opt out of receiving any future direct marketing or promotional electronic mailings from moneyfounder by following the 
 unsubscribe procedures indicated in the mailing. Additionally, if a user does not want his or her information to be shared, 
 or does not wish to receive telephone solicitations, users may opt out of the sharing or solicitations by  emailing us at info@moneyfounder.com, 
 indicating that he or she wishes to opt out. Users will still receive non-promotional communications such as service-related emails.
 
 6. User Access to Information

application acknowledges the individual’s right to access their personal data. application offers users the ability to edit, correct, change, delete,
 or transfer the information and data collected during registration or exercise any other subject right available to users under the 
 EU General Data Protection Regulation. Users may access this information at any time and as often as necessary by choosing the “My Profile” option 
 or other similar functionality offered in the Services. To access or change your personal information, log in to your account through 
 the Services.
 
 
 7. Security

All user personal information is stored on servers at a location designed specifically to ensure that no unauthorized individuals have access to the 
server or its data. We also have appropriate managerial procedures in place to safeguard the information we collect.


8. User Consent

By using the Services, users signify their assent to this privacy policy and to the collection, use and dissemination of their personal information 
and data, including to third parties, as described , and for the purposes described . app may transfer personal data outside the 
user’s region for certain situations, such as when necessary to perform services provided by moneyfounder, for pre-contractual steps or in a user’s 
interest, or for other legitimate business interests that are not overridden by the user’s interests.  By registering for this app services, a 
user authorizes moneyfounder to transfer their personal data outside the user’s region.  If a user does not agree to this policy, or to the collection, 
use and dissemination of their personal information and data, including to third parties, as described , and for the purposes described , 
he or she should not use the Services, or follow the opt-out procedures identified as above.

9.Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 18. we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18. 
In the case we discover that a child under 18 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers.
 If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, 
 please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.


10.Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. 
I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

11. Contact Us

The information provided is intended to be transparent, concise, and understandable. If you have any questions or complaints regarding this policy, 
please contact us on info@moneyfounder.com




 
 



